Let's help us for a moment.
We were just in time, the water was like crazy,
Heaven takes care of the officer for a year, ironing his design high,
Take the president's dirty smoke into consideration,
Director Sun,
This is what I have planned to do with Yan,
But this attitude towards you is outrageous,
Dandi's first-level attitude,
The little kid who imitates the kid,
Xu Ran, you said it was a work by a woman who complied with these conditions,
What evidence do you have,
The proof is this design,
I inserted a water benefit inside,
It's an English list, just peel peel peel peel peel peel peel peel.
That's just a drop of water
Ask me to take care of the ticket machine on the bus. I'll scare you to death.
There are no such employees
Just take care of it
Give this way
You still have to succeed in Shenlian
I'll scare you to death
Come to the office
You come here with my name to spare me
Isn't it happening this time?
Facing this moment
Am I a fool?
It depends on what you call it here
You tell your boss that he will give you some advice
You are my dog ​​in this water.
How do we start?
Then let me talk about original knife
Tidying him up is boring
But for a novice like him who doesn’t do it
He should understand prescribing
There is not enough fire and water in the middle, I declare